It's the middle of the night, and you're in your cabin in the forest. Today's work in the garden was rough, nearly all of your wife's plants died today, and she lost something important to her. Your wife went to bed a little while ago, but you can't seem to bring yourself to go to bed yet yourself. You feel as if you're forgetting something important.;(A) Go upstairs and check on your wife;(B) Go outside to the garden;2;3
You tiptoe into the bedroom, careful to not wake your wife. The fire in the fireplace is almost out, and there is little light in the room, but your eyes have already adjusted to the darkness. You look around the room. There she is, your beautiful wife Anne, sleeping peacefully on the bed. The blankets are half off of her and you assume that she was waiting for you to crawl into bed before she fell asleep. You now notice that your wife is shivering.;(A) Cuddle with your wife;(B) Stoke the fire;4;5
You put on your boots and walk out into the garden. It's an absolute mess. Your wife nearly lost all of her plants and found out her magic seeds were missing after a fire started. Your woodcutting axe was left haphazardly on the ground after having to use it to stop the fire. Your wife ended up having to use a water spell to douse the flames. You were never the smartest.;(A) Take axe;(B) Attempt to clean up your wife's garden;6;7
You quietly settle into the bed and embrace your wife, running your fingers gently through her hair. She's been through so much today after nearly losing her garden to the fire you started while your wife was trying to teach you magic, and she ended up having to use her magic seeds that she keeps hidden in the closet, but she found out that they were missing. She deserves some rest. Your wife smiles in her sleep at response to the touch. You would have loved to just stay here like this, but the nagging feeling in the back of your mind refuses to leave you alone. Regretfully, you get back up, pulling the blanket up and tucking your wife in.;(A) Check the closet;(B) Go outside;8;3
You take the poker from its holder next to the fireplace and begin to poke at the fire until it starts to come back to life. It flares, and you add another log. Heat flows out of the fireplace, and the room is filled with its warm glow. You turn to look at your wife and see that she has stopped shivering, and is now smiling in her sleep. You feel accomplished, but you still feel as if you have something to do. You look around the room again. The only thing of importance you can think of is the closet. Maybe you could clear your head if you got some fresh air.;(A) Check the closet;(B) Head outside;8;3
You walk over to where your abandoned axe lay discarded, and pick it up. With your axe, your decide to use it for its intended purpose: to chop wood. Maybe doing a repetitive task like this would help you think. You cut, and you cut, and you cut some more. Your firewood pile gets bigger and bigger, and soon, you have enough wood to keep your home warm for a while. You decide to stop, but after this last log. As you chop it, a small clank emits from the log. You take your axe out and see that something inside of the wood is sparkling.;(A) Check the sparkle;(B) Ignore the sparkle;12;14
The garden looks awful. The garden tools, including your shovel, lay scattered on the ground. The charred, ashy remaines of the vegtables and flowers that your wife planted remain on the ground, a sad reminder of the events that happened today. It was all your fault. You wish that you could turn back time to stop the fire before it happened, but... You decide to stop thinking about it. Instead, you decide to try and fix the garden, so that, at the very least, its clean and ready for whatever your wife wants to plant in it next.;(A) Use the shovel;(B) Use your hands;13;9
Still being quiet as to not wake and startle your wife, you open the closet door slowly. You and your wife keep all of your clothes in here. Its small, but it fits all of your things. The clothes are hung on hangers, and there's multiple boxes carefully stacked on top of each other on the top shelf. You have no idea how you and your wife managed to get the up there, and they look as if they could topple at any minute.;(A) Inspect the clothes;(B) Reach for the boxes;10;11
For some reason, despite having perfectly good tools, you decide to dig up the garden with your hands. You get on your hands and knees, and begin to dig the area with your hands. After a few minutes, you realized that you've been making absolutely no progress at all. You stand up, your pants and hands coated with ash and dirt. You realize that your decision was pretty stupid, and this was a total waste of time. You decide to do something else;(A) Grab your axe;(B) Use your shovel instead;6;13
You carefully inspect all of the clothes in the closet. Most of the closet is filled with your wife's dresses. She had a lot of them back when you both lived in the city. It's a shame that she couldn't take them all with her. She looked stunning in all of them. You take a look at your own clothes. They're not as extravagent as your wife's. After all, you weren't the most wealthy growing up. You have one fancy outfit, but your wife gave you that one. You smile as you reminisce, but you realize you haven't gotten anything done.;(A) Reach for the boxes;(B) Go outside to the garden;11;3
You try to reach for the boxes on the top shelf despite their wobbling. You step up on your tiptoes, reach for a box, and... CRASH!! The boxes fall everywhere with a loud crash. Your wife jumps awake, and shoots a magic blast at the source of the noise. Unfortunately, that would happen to be you. Your wife's magic blast connects with your head, and kills you instantly. Your charred body lays in the middle of the floor surrounded by the fallen, broken objects. Your wife stares on in tearful horror as she realizes what she has done. BAD END;;;;
Taking the chopped log in your hands, you decide to inspect the sparkle closer. It shines brightly in the soft, gentle light of the moon. You reach a hand out to it, and grasp it, pulling it from its place in the wood. However, it doesn't budge. You pull with more force, and the sparkling thing pops right out. Discarding the now empty log, you hold the item in both ands and take a closer look. Its a small bottle with a teal ribbon tied to it. Inside the bottle are many different colored seeds. You realize now that these are your wife's magic seeds! You grin with happiness. You think to yourself, she'll be so happy when she wakes up! Not only will she have her seeds back, but you'll be able to replant the garden! With the tiny bottle in tow, you head back into the house, placing the bottle on the dining room table before heading up into the bedroom and settling in next to your beautiful wife. You feel accomplished, and finally, you feel like you can get some sleep. GOOD END;;;;
As you carefully dig up the remains out the garden with your shovel, you put said remains into a small basket. Once you finished removing the remains, you focused on cleaning up the garden plots in the way that you've seen your wife do many times. The poor garden, you think. Your wife worked so hard on it in an attempt to re-create her mother's garden. Even though she couldn't find the same flowers, she did her best to find ones she though were pretty. Somehow, this loss felt more... upsetting than the loss of the vegetables. You hate seeing your wife so upset. Hopefully this would cheer her up a little. You decided to promise yourself that this time, you would go searching for some more flowers for her to plant, and help her to replant the garden. Right now, you didn't want her to be alone. Once your work was done, you took the basket of ashes, remembering that your wife said that ashes could be used as fertilizer, and sprinkled the ashes on the now freshly sculpted soil. Happy with your work, you head back inside the cabin. You wash off all the dirt covering you, and head to bed next to your beautiful wife. Hopefully what you've done tonight improves her mood a little bit in the morning. Normal End;;;;
There are better uses of your time than dealing with a random sparkle in the wood, right? It's probably just some tree sap, you think. You lay your axe against the tree stump you cut the logs on, and sigh, looking around at the ruined garden. At least things can't get any worse, right? Wrong. Suddenly, the whoosh of a roaring fire come from behind you, washing over you with heat. You turn around suddenly with your eyes wide, realizing that the log with the sparkling thing inside of it has caught fire, and the fire spreads to your home. You try desprately to stop the fire, using all the tools you have, but it's no use. Your home is engulfed in flames quickly, and you realize that your wife is still sleeping peacefully inside. In a desprate attempt, you run inside your home, into the burning flames and up the remains of the stairs. You enter your bedroom and see that the room is covered in flames, your wife still asleep in bed. The door crumbles behind you, trapping you inside. You crawl into bed, next to your wife, and embrace her, whispering apologies that will never be heard. WORST END;;;;